plugins/org.eclipse.etrice.doc/README.md, before:

eTrice documentation + help
=======


**Prerequistes**:

- Featurizer (Download from Bitbucket and install)
- Stagen (Download .jar from Bitbucket and put it to folder */xternalLibs*, **Java 8 **)

## Project Structure

![commented screenshot](project_structure.svg)

## Artifacts

Feature model, including

- Keyword hover
- Eclipse context help
- Feature Reference documentation part (feature-reference.md)

Online Help Site

Eclipse Help


## HowTo Edit

To update/publish everything run *make.xml*. Logs can be found in folder */tmp*.

### FeatureModel

All artifacts are automatically generated to folder */feature-gen* on change. *make.xml* copies them to the final location:

- *feature-reference.md* to folder */online-doc/content*
- else to folder */targets*

### Online Help Site

The documentation content resides in folder */content* (exception *feature-reference.md* is copied there). The output folder for the complete generated site is */online-doc/target*. Run Ant script *run_online-doc.xml* to start Stagen.

#### Stagen

A static site generator, readme can be found in the repository. A modified version is used, that supports

- xtext syntax highlighting
- toc generation
- markdown within tables (every table cell is generated isolated)

### Eclipse Help

Basically derived from Online Help Site by the means of copying and generating, but with different layout.

Commit message:

Bug 529445 - [newfsmgen] make old style transition data deprecated
Fix in ExpressionProvider with respect to new transition data.
Update eTrice help.

Change-Id: I07b5f2d653189cf325ced5194fb89caea340d381

plugins/org.eclipse.etrice.doc/README.md, after:

eTrice documentation + help
=======


**Prerequistes**:

- Featurizer (Download from Bitbucket and install)
- Stagen (Download .jar from Bitbucket and put it to folder */xternalLibs*, **Java 8 **)

## Project Structure

![commented screenshot](project_structure.svg)

## Artifacts

Feature model, including

- Keyword hover
- Eclipse context help
- Feature Reference documentation part (feature-reference.md)

Online Help Site

Eclipse Help


## HowTo Edit

To update/publish everything run *make.xml*. Logs can be found in folder */tmp*.
Prerequisite: Make at least a dummy change in featuremodel/etrice.featurizer to force code generation to folder */feature-gen*.

### FeatureModel

All artifacts are automatically generated to folder */feature-gen* on change. *make.xml* copies them to the final location:

- *feature-reference.md* to folder */online-doc/content*
- else to folder */targets*

### Online Help Site

The documentation content resides in folder */content* (exception *feature-reference.md* is copied there). The output folder for the complete generated site is */online-doc/target*. Run Ant script *run_online-doc.xml* to start Stagen.

#### Stagen

A static site generator, readme can be found in the repository. A modified version is used, that supports

- xtext syntax highlighting
- toc generation
- markdown within tables (every table cell is generated isolated)

### Eclipse Help

Basically derived from Online Help Site by the means of copying and generating, but with different layout.
